ok eh Fran's topic today
some things have come up I have to
give you a little introduction Because I
imagine that you will see my videos and I know that
a lot of people Well in fact I think that of the
ones that the topic deals with, surely the
videos that are most viewed or have the most
expectation It's about what
I say or what I react to look I'm going to
say a few things okay In my
opinion and under my
responsibility I think Hello Doki How
are you handsome I think that
HM I may have been more or less correct
when it comes to handling the subject This is a
subject that I do not comment on in a very
neutral way As happens on other occasions when we
are reacting to things
or making opinion videos that
involve people that I appreciate
Okay
so when what happens happens,
Well, I try depending on the moment to make
the decisions that I think are appropriate in
some occasions I will have been
luckier and in others Well, maybe it's not
worth it to me Fran m hasn't told me anything about
this yes this no I have been doing what
I have seen appropriate when
uploading videos when it comes to reacting
this  topic Yes this topic is not worth it
I have tried to base myself on acting as
I would like others to act if
what happened to him happened to me, if I
found myself in a bind where I
couldn't defend myself and eh I would do the same for
Fran as for Trium as maybe for
Dallas also for all of my
colleagues not the ones I take with me not to try to
mediatically Well handle the issue
responsibly now and I understand
that it is a very very very media issue
I understand that it is a very very very
controversial issue but I want everyone
especially the people who appreciate Fran to
understand how delicate the
situation is and how you have to
handle it very important point number one
do not go to anyone's networks
to bother or rather what are you going to do or rather
why Do you go to anyone's networks to
bother them to tell them you said this to
tell them you said that do not go to
the networks of absolutely any of
the people involved if you are interested in
the subject Well you see the videos you see the
reactions to all the colleagues who
are reacting to the  news that can't be
stopped I mean, talking about the
subject can't be stopped, now if you
have respect for Fran I understand the
messages of support, the hearts, the
tweets, not posting clips of him with the
animals But what I
never understand and I'm going to ask you please, whether your
name is Yuji, your name is Chi, your name is Noelia, whatever your name is, do
n't go to
anyone's social media, okay, I mean, but I
ask you please, all of you who follow me,
all of you who follow Fran I mean, it doesn't matter
But what's the point, you're not part of the
conflict, you're not part of the situation,
you're heating up the atmosphere, it can get
more complicated I mean, you have to understand
that maybe you're at
home, you're in Spain,
wherever you are, Frank is without a passport
right now in Thailand, he has a
few pending trials, okay, it doesn't
help, you're not helping him if anyone thinks, if
anyone is so short of thinking that
you help by doing that, the first thing is that it
's not right and the second is that you don't
do it, please don't go to social media
yuji don't go to Cris
Core's networks don't go to chi's networks don't
go to Noelia's networks and don't go
to Cristina's networks continue that's it, I
mean, I think Fran has been very clear.
Hey, I gave him a name that I uh Let's
see, I think that when I
comment on some impressions that I've had,
okay. Hey, well, I think that there are
people, I think that there are people who may
have something against Fran and I think that there
are people who may have motivated this
or pushed this. Okay, I think I
was very
prudent. I think that no, I didn't give
names, okay, listen, I understand that there are
people who may feel
alluded to by some of the things that
fit that I have said, but I didn't give
names, why didn't I give names? Well, because I didn't
want to point out anyone because I didn't want to
bother anyone, I get the impression
that there are people who want to feel
alluded to and by force eh that I am the
one they are referring to, man, please, if I haven't
given names, it's for a reason.
if I haven't given a name it's for a reason now okay Cristina has come out Noelia has come out now Yuji we're going to read it okay people have come out to say that they don't want that to happen to Fran Fran has also posted a few tweets in which he
said that he rules out all these
people and that well
things will be sorted out and that they will
calm down if you appreciate Fran Why don't you
pay attention to Fran I mean Fran
has never sent you to tell anyone anything he
has asked you not to
bother people
okay I understand that the subject is very
mediatic I the subject is a very
heated subject that outrages that generates a lot of
chaos unfortunate that names are not given
creating confusion eh
multigames And I'll take it and I'll explain
the sites here okay You're going to have it
tomorrow on the main channel I'll explain
the Sit I'll explain the regulations of the
otter I'll explain what happened okay hey
well I think Fran is having
problems with people around him
and that surely well  they were
trying not to push this without pointing fingers at
anyone why do you need to know the
name if at some point they
pull each other's hair, fight and take their
conflict to public, well then
as gossip you will be interested in the names
now you don't need to know
anything else you are not going to play you are not going to
punish a person if he has taken it and
sent an email to report Fran you
understand I mean there is no more if if they
send Fran an email I report it because he
has an otter without papers Well that he
has it with papers fine but what you
should not do is contact the other
insult the other and the one on the motorcycle okay
because things get complicated and it doesn't
help I think that things are already
very tense and what I think we should
try to achieve is that they start to be
resolved and that something happens because I
am completely convinced that neither
Yuji nor Cristina Segu nor el
chi nor Noelia nor any of those who
are involved or could be
involved okay I say that they are
involved because they themselves have
answered they have uploaded stories and all
that stuff I am not  completely sure
that no one wants Fran to end up in
jail I'm completely sure V
we're talking about prison in
Thailand So let's
all cooperate and see if it's possible that from
this live onwards you put hearts on each
other's networks and put nice things
if you like them and if you don't like the
content then don't put anything but don't
put hate okay Why Well because
the atmosphere is very tense and everything
can get tremendously complicated Okay
Yuji thanks for your comment I will
take it to court for the
false statements on the internet like that I broke up the
family or I blackmailed him among other things
that he said about me I have told him to stop and he did
n't do it well in Asia the right to
honor works in a much
stricter way than here in Spain we were
discussing it the other day and Tuyupa came and
commented on it too okay if she
feels she has the right or feels
violated eh And she wants to resort to the
legal tools that exist No well she
is within her right to make that
decision now well I would love for
things to calm down and
e and that they will not go until the end of
this
and I'm completely sure that if
things cool down and that Yuji doesn't
want the father of his children to go to
prison okay and I'm completely
sure that this can be fixed at
some point okay from here I
send a kiss to Yuji I send a kiss to
Crisc and I hope that they manage to
calm all this down okay
and regarding the issue that he has said
false statements well let's
see I think that uh all parties have
participated in some way more or less
intensely in the
media each one giving their version and
in Thailand interviews have been done
Yuji has done interviews everyone has given
statements uh some more some
more accurate some less
accurate but in the end everyone has given
uh and they have made comments about his life
okay
mm they asked me not to speak in the
interviews because it would hurt my children
but this has to end I am not
behind this and my case has nothing to
do with this once again he is not
saying who but he is insinuating that it is me
Fran has not insinuated that it is Yuji
this I think that all those who  you've
been here You can't let me lie
from the first moment it has been said that
Yuji has nothing to do with it Hey, that
can be spoken or that can meet
people, well that is not her fault, that is
not her fault obviously whether it is
spoken or not spoken, we do not know
Okay, now well, it has not been insinuated, it has been
denied actively and passively that it has
nothing to do with her,
okay,
okay, here she is acknowledging that
she has filed the complaints for
honor, okay, so that is what was
said that she put
no Who should be left alone here
Enough of talking about all the blame every
time I open Instagram I see people
who hate and don't know half the
truth curses And threatening me do you really
think I can do all this it is
really absurd I am getting
very angry and it is a challenge not to explode once
again thank you for your kind comment
okay And then also crisc has posted a
similar thing not complaining that they are
putting comments on him Eh, very bad,
no eh And what and Fran's fault for these
comments okay let's see, from  here I
repeat it again okay I
repeat it again em
and this this I'm saying it For
myself eh I mean nobody nobody
tells me what I have to say or what not or
anything like that But yes I would
like that the days that
have passed have passed we are not talking
tomorrow is Wednesday if I'm not mistaken tomorrow was
a week if I'm not mistaken
tomorrow was a week do not go to the
networks please do not go to
anyone's networks to bother do not go to the networks
for anything if it is to put
nice comments if it is to put hearts if it is
to put something good about their work
Yes but if it is to put something do not go
to anyone's social networks
please because it is that you do not do any
good nor do you care about yourselves and it is not
your business okay do not go to anyone's networks
please And from here to Yuji
I hope I wish him the best I hope
things calm down I hope that you
can reach an understanding and that it is
not necessary and that it is not necessary to go
all the way I hope  okay because if
things get really bad in the end
everyone suffers not just the
protagonists there is also
collateral damage like the kids
okay like the children and like
the animals too no in the
end we were talking about it the other
day when if something happens to Fran well
everyone is going to suffer okay
people who may not be to
blame for anything are going to suffer So if we have to
pull Fran's ear we'll
pull it yuji I'm the first one who's going to
pull it but let's go let's go let's
try to make everything go better and that's it or that's it or
that everything gets fixed and
hopefully you can get to a good
port Okay okay that's what Yuji did okay And
about gcore I've already asked for it
passively I mean I don't know how to say it but it
's just that I don't understand people who
do that either
Honestly it's just that I don't understand
people who do that either
ok Diego arrabal was talking today
or giving an exclusive on the subject of
chi
and today I'll make him a proposal see I
have no secrets I'm  telling him
everything as it is, I make him a proposal and I
tell him I would like to have you live on
my channel, I have it here and I have the whole
conversation, but here everyone
wants to respect, everyone wants to
respect, he doesn't feel like causing problems,
just as he tells me verbatim, right
now there is like a peace, a peace
between everyone, more or less, except for some who
go off the rails, who start telling
more than they should, he
gives me permission, be careful, he gives me permission if
you have audios or things of mine that you have
recorded or have happened to you, there are no
problems, he gives me permission, very few
people do this, be careful, eh, because he doesn't know
what I can have and what I can
stop having, he tells me, he gives me permission
if you have audios or other things that you have
recorded or have happened to you, no
problem, he gives me his word, I don't
know him, but he gives me his word that
he has never spoken to anyone from
Spain, never, that he has never spoken about this
subject with anyone from Spain,
neither here nor there, nor has he called
anyone, he has not given any type of
information, he says now, I say, yoi,
now we are going to listen to it
carefully, you know, chi's exact words, you
know that  I don't hold back on
the truth and that's why
everyone trembles, be careful You know I don't hold back
on the truth and that's why
everyone trembles, there are some things that I'm not reading
because I don't want to put too much
emphasis on what you've been saying in your last
live shows is not at all far from
reality What's up
Pili, a kiss Pili, I don't know why he hasn't
read but thank you very much he's
been watching us since August
Thank you very much for seeing us August
2024 when you said you were coming here
but the important thing is whether it's the otter or
the Capi I'm
not going to say the qualifier that
some colleagues give as problems
and warn me of one thing Be careful with the
people who contact you from now on
to spread more [ __ ] and confuse things to
twist things and continue hiding
[ __ ] the truth sooner or later will
come out because so much has accumulated so much
under the rug that it's
exploding these are the exact words of a
very polite person He offers himself in case one day
I go to Thailand for work that he knows
Thai perfectly that he could
help me how about But not because  the thing about
Fran because of my photos and my things, he
speaks Thai perfectly and knows
the country, the laws, such Well, a person
who is quite interesting to have
there for Hey, any trip of mine,
not so much, it is like that I put an
Instagram post saying that
this afternoon, tonight at 8 we were going to
have this live and he shares it on
his account too and he sends me an audio, I
ask him for an audio because he gives me
explanations and I invite him as you
have heard, I invite him to
be here live, no no if I'm joking,
says Diego, don't trust me please because I do
n't trust you yes yes, what I'm giving
is a voice to everyone, dec I neither trust
nor do I stop trusting nor this nor that,
dec the only thing I do want man
because it seems like a [ __ ] to me also for
a person who is being told Hey,
this is the person who has met
with you, it's a lie, that's why I say it
Okay Diego because he is reacting to
all parts and apart from that, it's a lie and a
big lie It has nothing to do with it, eh, me  I
ask you to enter the
Channel no no Raquel Barcelona says Diego
don't trust me In this case I wouldn't
trust anyone either If I don't trust anyone
I'm giving him a voice that
he's saying it You're going to listen now
let's
listen to him please let's listen to him and see who he's referring to you have to help me all boy how they grew it eh more than one will have wanted to die here no Dieguito mom how he throws the quota to more than one who is dirty in all this
mommy chicken a big hug for the whole
tribe and don't let yourself be fooled by
people who don't know nor is that how the
work comes follow those who do know and you will
know the truth and don't have sense or
hide the TR bottom of this guys the
truth prevails and thank you very much to those
who did trust me When my
turn comes to tell things I will
take care of everything hug Dieguito and
thanks to everyone chic a big kiss
words from
chi well eh Those are chi's words
basically the only thing I have
to say is
that let's see obviously they have reached me
Of the stories that
chi has posted, I have not reacted to what
chi has posted or what Noelia has posted
or what anyone has posted, okay,
every time I have spoken about the subject and about the
things that I thought were
happening, I have tried not to point the finger at
anyone that no one knows, I mean, I
understand that we're going to see with the audience
that we have so broad it seemed super
unlikely to me that no one would say, I know that
there are people who have said names, I know that there are
people who have pointed the finger. Look, I can
tell you what I have said and I think that
during the time that Fran was
locked up, like when, like when he
came out and gave the interview here, the talk he
had with me, the podcast, I think that we did
not point the finger at anyone, okay, obviously, I have
not liked some of the posts
that chi has posted. Okay, but I understand that
the situation is tense, I understand that the
situation is tense and that when we are
nervous and that when we are fighting
and we are in a bad mood,
things happen that are like, like, they are not
pleasant and and and and no and we do not say the
same things, okay, I met
a guy there who was a  great guy, things are
as they are, you all saw it with us
in the live shows, in the videos with Gref
too, so I would like to
stick with that, I would like to stick
with that, okay, eh, all
right, these are things that are annoying and I
hope that things
calm down and I hope that
what he said there eh on
Diego's Channel is true, that he doesn't want problems, that he
wants peace and that he wants all
that. So
personally, if at any time it
has been possible to understand on my part, on my
part, it has been possible to give the impression that I have
pointed out someone, any of those who
are involved, I can tell you that it has not
been my intention and that I did not want to
point the finger at anyone, okay, I have had the
impression that there are people behind it who
have fought with Fran,
a lot of people have fought with Fran, okay, in other words, a lot of people who have been
there, there are people who have been there, there are people who have
not been there, there are
people who end up badly or whatever, okay,
and then, basically, well, it was not,
okay, that's it, Fran has clarified that it
has nothing to do with it, chi, Fran has clarified
that it has nothing to do with
Noelia or Cristina, I followed and that's it
they each have put their their
clips okay you told me that Noelia has
participated today somewhere too I have
n't seen it but they told me that
Noelia has said basically the same thing that
Cristina said too that they will have their
ups and downs or whatever it is no as they
can be but that no that no that they don't
wish that for Fran Okay then
from here if I can do something to
calm things down count on me for
whatever okay Yes yes yes what I
want is for Fran to
continue with her sanctuary that the animals
are well that Fran's children are
well and I think that all the protagonists
can pull your hair out without it
getting worse Okay then I think that for
sure I am completely
sure and convinced that we
all want the
same thing okay I think I haven't left anything out to
comment I wanted to comment on that to see if it's
possible for things to calm down
okay Because so much chi has said that on
Diego's Channel like the other girl they
told me that she said she doesn't wish that for
Fran So Hey if nobody wishes
anything bad for Fran Then let things calm down
during  a few days for things to cool down
and that's it man, I know
that in a few hours we have
the hearing But that's a different topic
okay so really and very
much emphasize to the people who
follow me that I know that you care about what
I say and to the people who love Fran
too the same thing is that Fran has
told him very clearly too but it's been
said from the
beginning that there have been noises there have been
other movements there have been other things
okay or so I know obviously but I take
responsibility for what I say
what is said here on this channel well
and on the main one and entities to the SEO okay what is
said on my channels
I was reviewing it yesterday and I understand
that if you have a bad feeling with Fran
any of the people with whom there
has been speculation that you take it
personally or that you believe that I know but I have not
intended to point the finger at anyone in fact
I have tried to convey Hey look it's what I
get that there are problems that there is
this that is being talked about that
things are going to happen that I don't know  what but I don't
want to point the finger at anyone Okay Fran has already come out
Fran has already said the things that he
had to say And the thing is that I have been
going over it actively and passively and here it has been
said that Yui had nothing to do with it
In fact they have even criticized me
why I said that Yuji had nothing to
do with it and I have not given any names at
any time and I have not given any
names okay I personally do not believe that for for for
my for my
live streams Miguel earlier today I have spoken
very well Today I have not seen today
Miguel early uploaded another video I think that
because of my videos it is impossible eh to
allude to anyone okay But well for the
three or the four for Yui for cor
and for chi and so on really I mean whatever is
in my power so that things
calm down so that I can solve
things and so that there are no more
problems really I mean whatever is in
my power here I am and that I did not
intend to show anyone to see
Miguel
early it is not from yesterday it is from yesterday it is from
yesterday the video of Miguel early if I
recommend it to you I was challenging it
okay  I was sharing and there is FL Of course there
is Flama